[lively rhythmic music playing]
[creaking]
[Josh groans]
[man in Korean] Dammit.
how do you spell "embezzle" in English?
[whimpers]
[man in English] "If you're reading this.
I've successfully rid the world
of one more problem."
"Many of you are wondering
why I took my own life."
"I'm ready to confess
that I've been stealing money
from Monte Vista Point
using fraudulent invoices."
"Due to my ex-wife. Lindsay Crane.
who was the mastermind behind this.
I have not been able to come forward."
"She manipulated members to sign up
for unnecessary Trochos procedures
and inflated the cost
so we could embezzle the difference."
"If I were more of a man.
I would have stood up to her."
"But sadly.
I have lacked any spine my entire life."
"Josh."
[Josh whimpering]
[man] I haven't done this a lot.
but it really takes a toll.
[muffled screaming]
I can't eat much.
I don't sleep well.
And I spend most of my days observing.
and it's really odd
how quickly you can tell
whose heart is in the right place.
It's a tremendous loss
to cut such a life short.
Anyway. I'm quite relieved
I won't feel any of that with you.
-[music turns tense]
-[Josh screams]
[Josh groans]
[choking grunt]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
[grunts. coughs]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[man groans]
[both grunting]
-[Josh panting]
-[man gasping]
[music fades]
[theme music playing]
[intriguing music playing]
[Chief Counsel]
Your phones will be returned after dinner.
The chairwoman
wanted to welcome you all personally.
She's waiting for us
in the executive courtyard with Dr. Kim.
[Ava] Talk about VIP. right?
I've always wanted to see inside
a Korean corporation.
-[Ashley grunts] Fuck.
-[Lindsay] Oh my God! Are you all right?
[Ashley groans] That fucking hurt.
[Lindsay] Oh no. you poor thing.
It did look like it hurt.
[Eunice] I got enough.
[music turns tense]
[in Korean] Hey. get her! Quickly!
[men shouting in Korean]
[in English] What the fuck's wrong
with Eunice?
[music fades]
[gulps]
-[breathing heavily]
-[doorbell rings]
[door opens]
[chuckles] Hey. bud!
How's it going?
You okay. man?
It's… late.
No. I know. Sorry.
I just. uh. uh…
Do you have a second to chat?
[Troy] Hey. there he is.
Nice.
[both] Cheers.
So… you know what I was thinking?
Maybe… like. what if we
fire up the PJ and go to Seoul?
You could surprise Ava.
maybe win some brownie points.
[chuckles] Oh yeah?
Just a quick little 14-hour jaunt
to score some wife points?
Come on. we… we take. you know.
last-minute trips all the time. right?
[chuckles]
[phone buzzes]
[uneasy music playing]
[Troy] Everything all right?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just. um…
I'm. like. a little… antsy postdivorce.
-Right.
-Yeah.
And. um…
Look. you know what?
Okay. okay. [chuckles]
Between you and me.
I think
Lindsay's meeting a new guy in Korea.
I know. I gotta let it go.
I gotta know. and I'm not proud of it.
but if you can just do me this solid.
I'd owe you big-time.
mi amigo.
[chuckles]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Let me make some calls. Get the PJ ready.
Yes! Thank you. I appreciate you.
Same. brother.
I can't wait.
So what do you think? How long?
Uh. wheels up in 30. 15?
-I'll do my best.
-Okay.
-Just sit tight. Sit tight.
-Mm. Okay.
[percussive music playing]
[Ava] So fucking weird.
Who even runs like that?
[Lindsay] Yeah. it's very strange.
Austin. you were close with her. right?
Uh…
Uh. no. not really.
You guys had a strictly
professional relationship. right?
Yeah. nine to five. Profesh.
[Ava] One time at the club.
Eunice said she wasn't hungry.
Then I saw her eating.
I'll never forget it. Weird girl.
[Park] Okay. okay.
Let's not let Eunice ruin this dinner.
Everyone. please eat.
Can I get a large bowl of rice
and a lot of coffee?
A lot of coffee.
[Park] Austin. you have to try everything.
The chef is the best in Korea.
[Austin] Mm. Mm-hmm.
[speaks Korean]
[in Korean] It's obvious
they're not telling the truth.
[in English] My husband is so happy
that you are here.
[Austin's stomach rumbles]
[in Korean] Don't make this worse.
Our plan is still working.
Yeah. ok.
[chuckles]
[in English] Cheers. cheers.
-Cheers.
Cheers.
[Park] Lindsay. I heard you are the reason
Ava and Ashley are here.
Thank you for bringing
so much business to Trochos.
Oh. that's very nice.
but. um. no. actually. it was Ashley
who sold all of the packages.
Oh. she's just being humble.
Lindsay's convinced.
like. half the club to sign up.
[Ava] Oh. shut up. It was the both of you.
Chairwoman. you really should make them
the faces of Trochos.
Is there a bathroom nearby?
[in Korean] Tell him to sit down.
[in English] Really.
[in Korean] Honey. didn't he say he was close
with Eunice? Shouldn't we search him again?
You need to calm down.
[in English] Doctor.
I don't have the phone.
Eunice left it in Montecito.
We could actually get someone
to find it and mail it.
I don't care about the phone.
I can buy a new phone.
[in Korean] I mean. if Eunice still had the phone on her...
...then we are completely fucked!
This is serious right now!
Shut your mouth and eat your food.
[in English] I swear there's a new iPhone.
like. every week. I hate it. Like. stop.
[Austin's stomach rumbles]
You know. Steve Jobs and Sean Penn
had dinner at this table.
Sean Penn?
[scoffs] Wow.
[in Korean] It seems JB has failed.
[music fades]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Troy in English] Yeah.
And he's here in my house right now.
No. I'm not… I know. but can't you
bring him in for questioning or something?
Well. I was the one
that forwarded the shady invoices.
I don't know who sent it. but I do know
that Josh was fucking the bev cart girl.
and I think she turned him in.
Yeah.
Hey. listen to me.
It's just not right. man.
I mean. he's stealing from the club.
You know.
and after all we've done for him.
I'll personally pay the city
whatever it takes to stop this guy.
Yeah.
Yeah. that'd be great if you just stop by.
Maybe he'll go with you to the station.
All right. I'll see if I can stall.
All right. thank you. Sheriff.
[Josh] I'll be over soon. okay?
I got his kibble and his treats.
Make sure he eats slowly
so he doesn't throw up.
[Josh's sister] This is crazy.
I'm coming over.
You're gonna tell me what's going on.
-No. no. no. no. no. No. no.
-Josh?
No. No. no. It's okay.
I'm gonna come to you. all right?
You're already doing me a big favor
by looking after him.
I can tell there's something very wrong.
No. There's nothing wrong.
Just a last-minute work trip.
I got a call about fraudulent invoices
under Mom's name. Are you in trouble?
No. you… That's… It's too long
to explain that right now. okay?
Look. I don't even wanna know.
I don't wanna know.
But whatever's going on.
you need to call Tío Luis
and get on a flight to Havana right now.
He's got the extra room.
You can stay there as long as you need.
I…
Yeah.
Um…
Promise me you'll go.
You'll be safe there. okay?
[Chief Counsel] Here are your phones.
The car will be right here in the morning
to take you to the clinic.
-[Ava] I can't wait.
-Get some good sleep.
[Ashley] Oh.
We'll leave some security here
to ensure maximum safety.
-Good night.
-Thank you.
[Josh] We're fucked. Lindsay.
We're completely fucked.
Park's pinning her money laundering on us.
JB tried to kill me
and make it look like a suicide.
The cops have the invoices.
We can't go to them.
We can't trust anyone. okay?
I'm flying to you right now. Stay put.
Park cannot suspect that you know.
I need you to stay safe. Linds.
Please be safe. I love you.
[phone line ringing]
Hey. you've reached Joshua Mart--
[whispers] Ava.
Ava.
Are you there? Ava?
Yeah?
Oh my God. Ava. I need your help.
I think we are in real danger.
Park has been using the club
to cover up a death
at her husband's clinic.
-[Ava] Oh wow.
-Yeah.
That's too bad.
But… I don't really know
what I could do to help.
so if you could stop knocking…
No. Ava. we--
Ow. ow! Ava!
Ava. what's wrong with you?
Did you know Josh was stealing?
Did you know the whole time?
Don't lie. I just spoke to Troy.
The whole club knows.
Okay.
So we had a brief lapse of judgment
for. like. a day. and then we stopped.
Park is just… is blowing it
completely out of proportion
to pin her money laundering on us.
Please. can you just call Troy
and ask him to rally the members?
I really need to go to bed.
I have a big day tomorrow.
Ava.
Please. We really need your help.
Can you just call Troy?
Just. friend to friend.
think about everything
Josh has done for you guys.
I mean. he had to. That's his job.
Are you… are you being serious?
Sorry.
Today's just really
drained me emotionally.
So I'd rather not get involved.
-Ava--
-Have a good night.
No…
I think I'm gonna take a separate car
to the clinic tomorrow.
Ow!
[door lock clicks]
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
[Austin grunts]
[Austin groans]
[Austin] It's not happening.
[Austin coughs]
Try squatting
with your feet on the toilet seat.
[Austin grunts]
You know. eating it
was actually really smart.
[Austin] Stop talking.
You're making it worse.
[Austin grunts]
Just trying to help.
[Austin straining]
[Ashley] Hey. at least I called it right.
[Austin groans]
-I said the Koreans were up to something.
-[Austin] Oh shit.
I see it. I see the USB.
Oh nice.
Was it from the squatting?
-[phone dings]
-[Austin] Hey. Eunice. it's me.
I have the USB.
Just call me and tell me where to go.
I hope you're safe.
[faucet water running]
Good thing you didn't order
all those desserts like me.
I can't believe
this is actually happening.
I mean. I know we hear about it.
and these things happen.
but I can't believe
it's actually happening.
You know what I mean?
[door slides open]
I'm sorry I overreacted.
I really thought you were cheating on me.
And I know I keep doing that.
and I'm gonna get better.
I downloaded a meditation app and--
I'm not in love with you anymore.
[music fades]
I swear I've never cheated on you.
but the last few months have
put a new perspective on everything.
We've been getting better.
Ash. you went through my phone
at the hospital and lied about it.
You killed our boss's dog
and lied about it.
I don't even wanna know
what else you've been hiding from me.
Well. we're gonna have a baby. so…
So I'm sorry you're gonna have a baby
with someone you hate so much.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
[Austin exhales]
We're gonna be parents?
If we want.
We have a viable embryo.
[phone buzzing]
[Austin sighs]
-Don't pick up.
-I have to.
I have to make sure she's safe.
-No. you don't.
-Yeah. I do.
I'm in love with Eunice.
What?
No. no. no. No. you think you are.
But… it's too early to know that.
Look. at least you know my shit.
and I know yours. okay?
How do you know
her shit is that much better?
How do you know you won't repeat
the same cycle with her too?
[phone buzzing]
Listen. listen.
We have something that Park really wants.
And if we deliver this.
then we can have anything we really want.
[wistful music playing]
Can you close your eyes for a second
and just imagine us ten years from now
with our own perfect little kid?
He's got your smile.
And my eyes.
And he's so cute.
And we have our own place
with our own yard.
and you can teach him
how to throw a football.
And I'll make sloppy joes
on Sundays before the games.
Austin.
we know how the world works now.
We know how hard it is.
He's got my smile?
Yes!
And your sense of humor and…
and your kind heart.
And he could be here in nine months
if we bring this to Park.
But if we don't. then who knows?
I mean. we've seen it with our own eyes.
She has all the money in the world.
She could bury us.
And then we would've done the right thing
for what?
Can you just…
can you just sleep on it?
Please?
If you still feel strongly in the morning.
we'll go straight to the police.
I promise.
Okay.
I'll sleep on it.
[indistinct airport announcement over PA]
You've reached Lindsay.
Please leave a message.
Lindsay. I just landed.
I'm heading your way right now. okay?
I'm going straight to your hotel.
Just. uh. call me
as soon as you get this. please.
I love you. Bye.
-Hey!
-[taxi brakes squeal]
Hey. Available? Good? Okay.
-Oh! No! Hey! Wait!
-[tense music stab]
Where is it. Ash?
What did you do?
[Ashley] What's wrong?
Is everything okay?
I put the USB right here. Where is it?
I don't know.
I… I didn't go anywhere near it.
There was literally no one else in here.
Hand it over right now.
Austin.
I swear on our unborn child.
I don't know where it is.
I've been sleeping all night.
I'm so jet-lagged.
Fuck.
Maybe someone snuck in at night.
One time I was staying at a motel.
and the housekeeper just walked right in.
Austin.
She's very powerful.
She's not gonna go down easy.
Then what are we gonna do?
Hmm?
There's not much we can do.
I mean. we could try asking the hotel.
but… who knows. maybe she got to them too.
All we can do is
pretend like everything's normal
and get home in one piece.
[phone ringing]
[in Korean] Hello?
[in English] Good morning.
The chairwoman wanted me to inform you
that her best security is waiting
to take you to Trochos Clinic now.
[intriguing music playing]
There is a dead Korean
buried under the mulch at my house.
I don't think any of us
planned for that. right?
We… we have a common hurdle.
Let's just… Let's work together. Okay?
Mr. Martín. the crimes you've committed
are very serious. There's no deal to make.
No. there's always a deal to make.
[laughs nervously]
There's always a deal to make.
You need the club to cover up
the death at Trochos. right?
I literally run that club.
Do you think it's just gonna be
smooth sailing after you get rid of me?
There's gonna be loose ends.
Whenever you work with people.
there's always loose ends.
So let me help you tie 'em up.
I'll tie 'em up with you.
That death is due to
an unfortunate preexisting condition.
which happens from time to time
with elective procedures.
which is why patients sign a waiver
prior to surgery.
[crowd protesting]
[in Korean] Ugh. they're protesting again.
These protests always cause traffic. shit.
[Chief Counsel] That's why I suggested
the longer route. Doctor.
Yeah. so.
[Dr. Kim] I mean. look at those idiots.
They think that will change things?
Everything's rigged from above anyway.
Right?
[Chief Counsel] The illusion of a democracy
is necessary though.
[Dr. Kim] I know that.
Who doesn't know that?
I know. but it's frustrating...
Oh!
Wait. Is that Hae-mi? Hae-mi?
[Chief Counsel] Where?
Over there. over there-- Hae-mi. Hae-mi!
What is she doing over there. skipping work?
[sighs] I don't think that's her.
That's Hae-mi. Look at those tits--
I made those tits!
I could recognize those
from 100 meters away!
Well. that's not my area of expertise.
[tense music playing]
This fucker! He's trying to run away!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
This fucker... running away...
[in English] Hey. punch! Punch me!
-Punch!
-Punch?
[groans]
[men shouting in Korean]
[Lindsay in English]
I do actually need my phone.
There's photos on there
that I'd like to show the doctor.
-[woman] I'm so sorry. miss.
-[Lindsay] It's not a big deal.
[woman] Miss. you can use our computer
to look up any photos.
It's company policy to prohibit phones.
[Lindsay] Can I just have my phone? Fuck!
[gentle music playing]
Once your friend is done changing.
please get comfortable.
Thank you so much.
[woman speaks Korean]
[in English] That's how she is.
by the way.
And… and the photos on her phone
aren't on the Internet.
They're from one of the special features
on the Mockingjay Part 1 Blu-ray.
I mean. who wouldn't wanna look
like J-Law. right? [chuckles]
Please have some coffee.
There's sugar and half-and-half.
I'll be back soon.
Thank you.
[in Korean] Hello.
Your room is ready.
[speaks Korean]
-[in English] Are you mad at me?
-Huh? What?
I didn't touch the USB.
I know.
I just wanna go home.
[whispers] Window in the dressing room
doesn't open.
You didn't fully change.
No. I didn't fully fucking change.
you stupid bint.
You know.
we're not actually here for a makeover.
We need to find a fucking way out of here.
-Let's not rock the boat right now.
-Why are you being so calm?
What's going on with the two of you?
[Ashley] Nothing.
We just need to lay low
and do what we signed up for.
[Lindsay] What the fuck
are you talking about?
There are men with guns everywhere.
[Ashley] They're here to protect us.
Austin. can you back me up. please?
-Austin.
-[milk pouring echoes]
-Hmm? Hmm?
Hey. hey.
[Dr. Kim in Korean] So. it's like...
Your first marriage.
you're in love with each other.
But eventually.
enjoying life becomes more important.
That's why in your second marriage...
...you're not looking
to be in love with someone.
You're looking to love life with someone.
Chairwoman Park told me that
on our first date.
And back then...
...I thought she might be right.
I realize now though...
...that this perspective is blinded by privilege.
Completely clueless.
To them life is...
Well. how should I say...
A generous. pleasant. and polite... lover?
I mean. that's what it's like for them.
But that is not life's true face.
Money and power mask it
But if you take its mask off...
...its eyes are so cold.
They couldn't be any colder.
Waiting for your fucking demise.
that kind of face.
But...
...life will always reveal its true self.
That's true for a billionaire. or for anyone.
And when that time comes. what then?
Huh?
If Chairwoman Park married me
because she loved life and not me...
...what happens when life turns on her?
What do you think you'd do? Huh?
What would you do?
-[Austin in English] Mm.
-[Dr. Kim sighs]
[Dr. Kim in Korean] I don't know.
I really don't know.
Maybe this is the true test in
this life. don't you think?
I feel like I'm being tested.
We stay by each other's side
without ever receiving true love.
And yet. we keep on living with each other.
We have to keep living-- isn't that itself the test?
That's what I'm saying. [sighs]
Anyway. with the phone gone. it's only a
matter of time before she turns on me.
So before that happens. I figure I do it first
and work with the authorities.
Then maybe my sentence could be reduced.
even a little. That's what I'm saying.
Understand?
[in English] For sure he said "cold."
and I know he said "wife."
And I think I heard "soup."
So maybe the chairwoman is preparing
some sort of… Korean gazpacho.
Oh. duh. It's. um. about dinner.
Uh. can you tell him. um…
We have no dietary restrictions.
-I don't--
-Yeah. no. no. no.
[in Korean] Meal. Dinner.
We will eat everything.
Oh my God. fuck me.
I mean…
You were acting like you're fluent in Korean.
what's wrong with you?
Alright. look here.
I mean… police.
Yeah? Police.
-[in English] He said police.
-Oh!
I'm saying
let's arrest Chairwoman Park.
Arrest...
[in English] Police. what?
[in Korean] How do you say "arrest" in English?
Arrest…
I'm saying... police.
[In English] Saying "police" again.
[in Korean] And I'm saying... let's arrest.
[in English] Police! Oh. oh. oh!
Um. arrest! Arrest!
-Arrest!
-He's helping to arrest… arrest Park!
-Arrest Park.
-Yes!
[Austin] He's working with the police.
Thank God.
Oh my goodness.
[tense music playing]
[in Korean] Honey...
[in English] Shit.
[gasps]
Fuck! Run! Go!
[Austin] Ah. shit. Uh…
[man shouting in Korean]
[in English] Watch out!
Shit! Shit! Shit!
[grunting]
[Lindsay] My fucking God!
[Lindsay screams]
Okay.
[man screams. grunts]
-[Austin] Ava!
-[Lindsay] Ava!
Ava. wake up! Ava! Ava. wake up right now!
[Lindsay] Go. go. go. go!
[Austin screams]
[all screaming. straining]
[in Korean] We have to get out of here!
If Chairwoman Park catches you.
she'll interrogate you until you shit blood.
[Lindsay screams]
[in Korean] Hold fire!
Don't shoot the others!
Chairwoman wants us to bring them in!
[in English] Austin! Oh my God!
Are you okay?
[tense music continues]
[Ashley] Come on!
So we just need to distract the guards
for long enough to get around there.
There's no way.
They're coming right towards us.
Watch this.
I'm not gonna "watch this."
What are you doing?
I throw it past them.
they look the other way. we run away.
Boom. easy.
-Are you sure you can throw it that far?
-Of course I can.
Baby. it's not that I don't think you can.
but if you don't. then they kill us.
The guard said not to shoot us.
She wants us alive for some reason.
Oh. the guard said?
I don't trust your Korean
for a fucking second.
All right.
there's gotta be another way around.
Fuck it.
Go. go. go. go!
[Josh] Lindsay! Hey!
Lindsay! It's me!
Oh my God! Lindsay!
Hey! Lindsay!
[breathing heavily]
[Park] My second husband always said.
"Love is putting other person
over yourself."
But as soon as you are born.
you cry for Mommy's milk.
You do not care about her.
You only care about yourself.
[Josh] Lindsay! Lindsay!
[Park] Maybe you put others over self
a few times.
but only when it is easy.
The universe is not designed for this.
Thank God we survived billions of years
from tiny cell to bacteria to monkey
because we only care about self.
That is why capitalism works.
It is a system of nature.
System of the self.
Love lives in this system.
All relationships exist in this system.
They're all the same.
another way to serve the self.
That is all I was to Dr. Kim.
And that is all he was to me.
That is why I'm not crying right now.
And that is why
I'm not worried about any of you.
[in Korean] Hold them here
until I decide what to do with them.
[Lindsay in English] If Park
pins the blame on us.
then we'd split the charges
and get out sooner.
Knowing these kids. we've got to assume
they're gonna pin the blame on us. right?
So then we would go to prison for longer.
and… and they wouldn't.
So then. by that logic. we should
blame everything on the kids. right?
What happens then?
[Lindsay] Um…
Well. so then it would be like
a he-said-she-said sort of thing. or…
or I don't know…
or maybe it's who Park corroborates more.
Or… I don't know. I've got no idea.
Yeah. I don't know. We don't know.
We don't know.
-Come. sit down.
-What?
Do you wanna just sit down with me?
But we've got to come up with a plan.
Maybe we can just sit down
and not know together.
[wistful music playing]
[sighs]
Yeah.
I know.
You know. you really fucked us
with your whole escape attempt.
Yeah. I really did.
[laughs]
Should've gone to Cuba.
You hate your family.
You hate my family.
I don't think they like me.
[Josh chuckles]
You're gonna make fun of me.
but I heard a podcast that said
the average human
only has 960 months to live.
-What?
-Yeah.
-Nine hundred and sixty?
-Yeah. isn't that crazy?
Nine hundred and sixty.
Well. we haven't wasted it.
Nope.
We haven't.
[breathes deeply]
Hey.
I think you're right.
I think the kids are gonna try
and throw us under the bus.
and we have to do the same.
We have to protect ourselves.
Yeah.
Yeah. I… I think that's right.
The next time a guard comes in here
to check on me.
I'm gonna ask for us
to have a meeting with Park.
Yeah.
Wish I could see you.
[softly] Yeah.
Me too.
[indistinct chattering]
I can't hear what they're saying.
But they're definitely up to something.
They're for sure
gonna throw us under the bus.
We gotta make a move first.
-Did you hear me?
-[Austin] Yeah.
[scoffs] Okay. well. come on.
We can't give up.
We can crawl out through the ceiling.
I'm not sure where we'll end up.
but it's something.
Well. we can't do anything
without the USB.
You don't know where it is. right?
Can we not do this again?
Okay.
I know you think I'm a total piece of shit
and that I've changed or whatever.
[melancholic music playing]
And. okay. maybe I have.
But. like. people change.
You know. I'm sorry. but they do.
You know. they grow up.
and they make mistakes.
and it's not the worst thing in the world
to make mistakes.
trying to hold on
to someone that you love.
And I'm gonna hold on forever. Austin.
I am. I'm never letting go.
You don't actually love me.
What?
I love you more than anything.
[Austin] You think you do.
But you just have abandonment issues.
No. I don't.
Hey. look at me when we're talking.
Every single action in your life
is driven by the fact
that your mom and dad divorced
when you were a baby
and started
completely new lives without you.
That's… that's not true.
And all you want
is to be put first by someone.
Anyone.
I'm not judging it.
We all have our shit.
We're all just acting out
because of something that happened before.
But you don't want me. Ash.
You just don't wanna be left by me.
I'm sorry.
But it's over.
[sobs]
[melancholic music continues]
[Josh] No. wait. wait!
Annyeonghaseyo.
Chairwoman… Me… Meeting.
Hmm?
Meet… Park… Me… Together.
Start talking normally.
or I'll beat the shit out of you.
Oh. well. apologies.
Um. I'd like a meeting
with the chairwoman.
-Yeah. I fucking gathered that.
-Oh. right.
I want to confess to everything.
I did it all.
-I'm gonna make this super easy.
-Josh. what are you doing?
-[Josh] I just need her to guarantee…
-Josh!
…no one else will take the blame.
and that she will ensure Lindsay's safety.
[Lindsay] No! Josh!
What are you doing? Josh!
-All right.
-[Lindsay] No! Stop it! Stop it!
Josh. what are you doing?
Josh!
No! Josh!
Josh?
Josh! Josh!
[sighs]
[Ashley] I'll always love you. Austin.
[item clatters]
Ashley.
I'm sorry.
["Nobody Loves Me Like You"
by Low Roar playing]
♪ Think of what you're saying
Before you speak ♪
♪ These days I can go without enemies ♪
♪ We're killing off the option
To make amends… ♪
Taxi! Taxi!
Sir...
Fuck. Korean. Ugh.
-[in Korean] Sir. police. Quickly.
-The police station?
[in English] Uh.
can I use your cell phone?
Haendeupon? For an emergency?
[in Korean] Yeah. here.
Thank you.
♪ Nobody loves me like you… ♪
[Eunice in Korean] Hello?
-[in English] Eunice.
-Austin!
I have the USB. and I'm heading
to the police station right now.
Oh my God. thank you so much.
I'll update the detectives.
I broke up with Ashley.
Oh.
Uh. okay.
I… I'm gonna call the authorities
I've been working with
and. um. let them know the good news.
Okay. okay.
I love you.
Uh. text me which station you end up at.
and I'll have them meet you there.
Okay.
-I love you.
-[Eunice sighs]
Love you too. Gotta go.
[disconnect tone]
♪ Nobody loves me like you ♪
[in Korean] Sir. I want to go to
a different address.
[melancholic music playing]
[inaudible]
[in English] Josh! Josh!
Josh!
[dramatic synth music playing]
[Lindsay] I'm sorry.
[sobs]
It's gonna be okay.
Are you gonna be okay?
[Josh] Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm gonna wait for you.
[Josh] I love you. I love you.
-I love you.
-I love you. Be careful.
[music fades]
[pulsing ethereal music sting]
[guests laugh]
[Ashley] What a fantastic turnout today!
[guests clapping]
[Ashley] It's incredible to see
how close-knit our community has become.
They say if you wanna go quickly.
go alone.
If you wanna go far. go together.
I want to extend my heartfelt thanks
to our generous sponsors tonight.
Montecito Jewelers. Lewis and Lewis.
Rest in peace. Mr. Young. We miss you.
Thank you to our generous members.
our incredible staff.
and. of course.
our queen bee. Chairwoman Park.
who couldn't join us today.
but sends her best.
We love her.
You know. in some ways.
we're like the very bees we're saving.
all working together in service
of something greater.
And I am so grateful to be serving you all
as general manager here
at Monte Vista Point.
which. of course. wouldn't be possible
without my incredible husband.
whose hands are a bit full lately.
[Austin] Say hi. Ashton.
[Ashton] Hi!
[guests] Whoo!
[intriguing music playing]
Ash. Ash. can you squeeze us in
for the back nine at 10:00 a.m.?
Of course.
[Ava] And we have to do
another double date soon.
Last time was so magical.
Yeah. I think we're around this weekend.
right. babe?
Yeah. I'll make a res at Lucky's.
-Can't wait.
-There we go.
You guys are the best. You really are.
-Love you.
-Get home safe.
[Troy] Fucking love those guys.
[intriguing music continues]
[Ashley sighs deeply]
Hey. can you read to him tonight?
I have so much to catch up on.
Uh-huh.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
[car engine starts]
[Josh] Hey. my man. what's good?
You all right?
Nice. Nothing like the present. brother.
Hey. you guys okay?
Damon. keep your head up. man.
-[guard] What's up?
-Hey.
Papito. I got your Lucky Strikes.
I know I took a minute.
Thank you for your patience. brother.
Gushers for my man Wendell.
Gav.
These were really hard to come by.
-They're just for your nails. right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Nails only.
-Yeah.
Okay.
-I appreciate it.
-Appreciate you.
Yo. so my guy
finally got details on Lindsay.
-Oh yeah?
-Yeah.
You were right. bro. She did move.
Yeah. she went
and moved out to the countryside.
Ah.
Actually. around the time
she started calling less.
Yeah.
Yeah. that makes sense.
Well. I don't know
if you wanna hear this or not.
but she did remarry.
And I know you're getting out of here.
so… so do you want the address or…
No.
No. I'm good.
I'm good.
Appreciate you.
How we doing over there?
Everybody all right?
[reporter] It's been eight years
since scandal rocked the local community
of Montecito. California.
On a quiet spring morning.
members of Monte Vista Point Country Club
woke to the news
that their beloved general manager.
Joshua Martín.
had been embezzling and laundering money
to help a Dr. Kim cover up
a patient's death
at Trochos Skin Clinic in South Korea.
where Kim was found deceased
after taking his own life.
Our own Elaine Percival joins us now
for an exclusive interview
with Mr. Martín.
[Elaine] Josh. how does it feel
to finally be a free man again?
What's going through your mind today?
[Josh] Well. yeah. I feel pretty good.
Um. I've had a lot of time
to reflect. obviously.
and. uh. made a lot of mistakes.
I hurt a lot of people.
And life certainly didn't turn out
the way I thought it would.
But. um. I'm… I'm looking forward
to the next chapter.
And most importantly. I'm just…
I'm really glad
that everyone I love is happy.
[door opens]
Dad made sausage rolls!
[Lindsay] Ooh. yummy!
Sorry. she's just excited.
Take your time. love.
That's all right. I'm just gonna
take a quick shower. Be out in a sec.
-Love you.
-[girl] I love you.
Love you. Come on.
["Love Like A Sunset. Pt. II"
by Phoenix playing]
[Park in Korean]
Do you remember what I always said?
That I’d never end up like my mother
Old and filled with regret.
Well. despite my best efforts...
...I am now old.
And filled with regret.
Even all the money in the world cannot buy...
...time. ever passing. Seasons. ever changing.
This great. even beautiful cycle of life...
...leaves us no choice but to accept it gladly.
♪ Acres ♪
-♪ Visible horizon ♪
-[indistinct chattering]
♪ Right where it starts and ends ♪
[indistinct chattering continues]
♪ Oh. when did we start the end? ♪
[Austin in English] God. I love that face.
-♪ Acres ♪
-[indistinct chattering]
♪ Visible illusion ♪
♪ Oh. where it starts. it ends ♪
♪ Love like a sunset ♪
[music fades]
[birds chirping]
[mosquito buzzing]
[bees buzzing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm